DOC-2171: fix documentation entry for TINY-10126 in the 6.7 Release Notes (#2873)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== The `color_cols` option was not respected when set to the value 5 with a custom `color_map` specified
// TINY-10126

> In {productname} 6.6.2, the `color_cols` option was not respected when the value was set to 5 while a custom color_map was also present in the same editor configuration.
> 
> With the release of {productname} 6.7, when using a custom `color_map`, the `color_cols` option is now respected when set to 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when `color_cols: 5` was set, the assigned value was not used.

Instead, when `color_cols` was set to the default number of columns displayed by a {productname} color selection grid (ie 5), the default method for calculating the number of displayed columns is used.

For {productname} 6.7, the logic for calculating the default `color_cols` values was re-written. As of this release, {productname} now uses either the `color_cols` option, with its default calculated on the base color map, or the value calculated by custom color maps.

This ensures a set `color_cols` value is always used, even when that value matches the default value.
```
Suggested edit.
